---
hide:
  - toc
---

## Events and Resources

### 2026-06-27 - 2026-06-28 - Pedagogical Evaluation of Automated Feedback Workshop 2026
_Festival of Learning, South Korea_

**Visit the [workshop page](https://peaf-workshop.github.io/2026) for more information.**

### 2026-06-27 - 2026-06-28 - Build and Deploy Microservices for Automated Feedback
_Festival of Learning, South Korea_

**See [here](festival-of-learning-26-korea.md) for the overview of the tutorial.**

E-learning platforms are growing increasingly complex, embedding automated assessment and feedback tools to support learning at scale. 
Yet such tools are usually tightly tied -- locked-in -- to the platforms for which they were built, limiting the pedagogical flexibility of teachers adopting such tools and platforms. 
One approach to addressing this `lock-in' challenge is to source discipline-specific education \emph{microservices} -- modular, independent software or plugins that can be connected to e-learning platforms to perform a specialised task. 
This modular architecture allows educational logic to be developed by domain experts and be reused across the entire sector, regardless of the platform employed.
This tutorial will introduce participants to education microservices for automated feedback using an active e-learning platform.
Working in mixed-ability groups, participants will design, implement, and deploy a live microservice to evaluate student submissions on a specific learning task. 
By the end of the tutorial, participants will have contributed a working, publicly accessible automated feedback tool to an open-source education microservice ecosystem and engaged in community discussion on shared education microservice architecture and infrastructure.

### 2026-03-25 Imperial Festival of Teaching and Learning Workshop
_London_

This workshop will introduce you to Lambda Feedback, a self-study platform that provides automated feedback, including on essays and handwritten mathematics.
Lambda Feedback was developed at Imperial over the past five years and is used widely by thousands of students and hundreds of teachers, providing feedback on over 10,000 questions over 1 million times per year.
The workshop will prepare you to deploy automated formative feedback in your teaching. After a basic introduction to the system features and creation of static study content for students, we will guide you through configuring and testing automated feedback.
To complete the workshop you can choose a specialist sub-group for a masterclass in:

- Educational chatbots for dialogic feedback
- Customised automated feedback on submissions
- Advanced usage of the platform features including latex content management, data analytics, and module evaluations.



### 2026-02-06 Teaching and Learning Mathematics Online Presentation
_Online_

Timely formative feedback on self-study is valuable but practically challenging. Automation of task-level feedback, such as on answers to exercises, can meet this need. 
This presentation will introduce you to Lambda Feedback, a self-study platform that provides automated feedback, including on handwritten mathematics.
Feedback is generated by external microservices, allowing complete flexibility. This architecture facilitates different educational approaches, and different technology stacks – for example using computer algebra systems (CAS), and/or more recent developments in AI.
Lambda Feedback was developed at Imperial over the past four years. Its use across the University includes over 60 courses, 10,000+ questions, and over 1 million feedback events.

### 2025-11-26 Imperial Talking Teaching Workshop
_London_

This workshop will introduce you to Lambda Feedback, a self-study platform that provides automated feedback, including on essays and handwritten mathematics.
Lambda Feedback was developed at Imperial over the past four years. Its use across the University includes over 60 courses, 10,000+ questions, and over 1 million feedback events. 
Feedback is generated by external microservices, facilitating different educational approaches and allowing feedback on wide variety of topics. 
These microservices support various technologies, including using recent developments in AI. 
In this workshop, you will curate self-study tasks with automated formative feedback and test their performance. 
You will learn about the existing microservices for generating feedback, and possibilities for creating your own microservices on niche topics that you teach. 
The feedback microservices are generally open source and widely available, which brings the opportunity for your expertise in teaching to benefit the wider community when they use your bespoke microservices.
