# Release 2023/03/21

## New Features

- 571-simple-teacher-comment-feed - Teacher functionality. The existing Flagged Questions table has been renamed into 'Activity Feed' and it contains now not just the flagged questions but also question comments. The teacher can filter the table to see e.g. only flags or only comments. The teacher can also sort the table e.g. to see the new activities first.
- 569-numeric-input-strips-out-strings-that-may-have-meaning - Technical dept. For the Response Area of the type Number, a standard javascript method was used to convert the input into float. It had undesirable effect that part of the input could be cut off if it contained a non-numeral value. Additional validation was therefore added to prevent this happening, so now if the input does contain a non-numeral value, then a relevant error message is displayed to the user (this is linked to the 573-response-area-validation-specific-errors below).
- 573-response-area-validation-specific-errors - Teacher and student functionality. More specific error messages are displayed when the user inserts a value in an incorrect format (e.g. a non-numeral value into the input that is expecting number). 
- 582-empty-structured-tutorial-shouldnt-display - Technical debt. When a tutorial is deleted, it is not displayed to students.
- 585-question-simple-import-and-export - Teacher functionality. Export a question to a file in JSON format. Import a question from a file in JSON format. If the question contains pictures, then the pictures will need to be handled (for now) manually (this feature is to come soon)
- 586-question-import-add-schema-validation - Teacher functionality. When importing a question from a file, the data structure and format is now validated and relevant error messages displayed to the user (if the validation fails). 



