# Release 2023/03/06

## New Features

- 566-pdf-error-identification - Teacher functionality. When a PDF fails to compile, the location of the error source is given in more detail, e.g. 'Q2(c)'.
- 576-orderedsetids-throws-error-in-main - Technical. When loading sets in a module on the teacher side, an error no longer appears in the console.
- 522-adding-teacher-when-creating-module-inadequate-error-message - Admin functionality. When adding a new module, a teacher can be added simultaneously. If the proposed teacher is not already registered as a teacher, then they are now automatically created as a teacher and a confirmation message is displayed.
- 524-remove-teacher-from-list - Admin functionality. Remove a teacher from the list of teachers. If the teacher is still a teacher on a module, then display a modal confirming which modules the teacher will be removed from. If the user confirms, the teacher is removed from all the modules and then they are deleted from the list of teachers.
- 572-comment-upvote-tweeks - Teacher and Student functionality. Right margin on the comments tweaked so that the sorting feature and 'post' button are not too far away from each other.
- 483-show-all-button - Teacher functionality. The Show All feature is now enabled in the question preview mode.
- 520-default-to-an-eval-function-after-selecting-the-response-area - Teacher functionality. In the Response area edit panel, automatically select a default eval function as follows (it can be edited by the teacher if necessary). The default selections are:

      | Response area       | Default evaluation function |
      | ------------------- | --------------------------- |
      | MCQ                 | arrayEqual                  |
      | NUMERIC             | isSimilar                   |
      | Expression and Text | symbolicEqual               |
      | Table and Matrix    | arraySymbolicEqual          |
      | NUMERIC_UNITS       | comparePhysicalQuantities   |
